Welcome, in this video, we're going to configure TextMate 2 to integrate with Git.
Alright, let's start off by going to our terminal program. And at this point we have both Git installed and TextMate 2.
So all we have to do is link the two. To do that, we're going to use Git's config command, using the --global parameter
to set our core.editor setting at the user level. The command is:
git, space, config, space, --global, space, core.editor, space, and then in double quotes, the command we're going to use to invoke mate
which is mate, space, -w. Once we've done that, double check the line and then press enter.
To confirm that Git and TextMate 2 are integrated together, we're going to use the config command to open the configuration settings.
If we type git, space, config, space --global, space -e,
Git is going to open the .gitconfig file at the user level, which is what --global is for,
Using the default editor configured within Git. Press enter.
If everything went well, TextMate 2 should be loaded with the .gitconfig file. Alright, great!
To return back to the terminal, quit out of TextMate 2, command +q.